the one that I can my friends as they walk
I am talent and I bring you this guide the
league of legends and if they like the
video if you get support I will do more
guides plus tips so in this first
video I wanted to bring something that many times
they ask me people who do not play lol and
who wants to come and play with me who are
their and whatever it is like the jungle I
I want to make jungle it seems pretty
fun and it's not for me it's one of the
funniest roles and it's the main thing
I play everywhere with the jungle
jungle and I'll explain how to do
jungle if you are just new if
they want to be very good jungles they want
learn what we are going to do because
camp start by blue or by network to
who maite area who does not this video
it can be quite enough
easy and simple if you are already super
challengers master diamonds and ya
they know everything about the jungle maybe this
video is not as effective for you
but maybe some tip that give them
serve now because I'm playing with war
with because in the end those who are going to see
this video are people who want to know
tips in the jungle that do not know it
that 's why I'm using warwick
What can I recommend to you?
you are just going to learn to familiar
use a warwick
teacher since they are incredibly
easy they are very good and people
fear even if you have a
very powerful warwick are going to be the dread
the terror of the bronzes all
bronzes hate warwick because they do not know
how to play against warwick and it's a
super super easy champion that you can
charge your team and leave bronze
easily so that's why I'm going to
bring in this video to warwick now very
ok with what to start if your champion does not
has that way like in this case
warwick let's start with the blues what
let's start with the camp
blues and let's start with the frog
when they appear then then you have to
throw our smile to return the
poison that does that to us is something that
we have to do we do not have to
wait for us to already I like a room
to throw the smile no no no now what
they go to see and I start to give and then later
she puts them in or as they can see in a
poison symbol in his head they see it
is the little symbol of how those little balls
are ready that brings is that I already
I am returning the poison
that is already doing to me so that you
I bring war with also because it's a
champion who has too much assistant in
the jungle and as it is I am with bots
teaching him they are not taking many pots
they do not have to worry about if they're going
to kill there are songs like fidel six
just like they are the kings of the jungle that
they could spend all day in the jungle
without hitting any time and having life
completely full but there if not
I recommend phillips ticks because
you have tics and it's quite difficult and if
you do not know how to use it can your team
lose because you're practically from
role a bit in the early game and in the
mid game but if you do not know how to use you can
loading incredible games is one of the
best jungles but in short when
and do all pass frog then
let's come here to the little wolves and here
let's focus on the grand hotel
such wifi because here we focus on
the big guy and again I do not know
we focus on your digits
and when we have the smile here
prepared again in the stockings of
charge let's come here to the logos and
here is something I want to teach you that
is a tip that not many know or much
people know and lose too much life
doing these papagallos have to
focus focus forgiveness on all three
little ones never never ever focus
in the mother hen but I say the
hen the parrots so let's go to
We are going to give it to the kids
there we are going to do the laps to have
more speed also depends a lot if
they know how to use their champion but always
always focusing on the little ones and
Now we can give the hen
to the mother hen here I recommend them
keep the enamel until now
they think they're going to kill her to give them
longer the group then it is here
is ready and what needs to be done now
it's quite up to you if you see
that in your game for example here you can
hook very easy to gray because it is
run here can not launch bot
because it is not supported at all they will have to
enter by line and waste time or
they could help you half spend the
flash is one thing they could do for
example that I will not take the trapote and
how do I have the smile of the parrots
here there are no wards so I'm going to
run with this wey and to spend the
flash but since here is waterway it's not going to
flash
very well and now we're going with the part of the
challenge of the champions who do not use mana
as ' law without avenging rex there is that in
this case show it I'm going to start
by the golden always by the golems
just as the frog let 's kill them
then later to give to have the bufo
that gives us that is was the group of
this thing little by little is that we're going to
study every five basic we're going to
study the eyes monsters only
serve the monsters
do not believe that you will serve champions not
no no no no no do not say what I
I told them it would be with songs if
they never studied them and killed them
so we usually do it here
tip is that your friends help you to
that have the following title loaded
then they come here by network but good
how the bots here does not help
after this here if there is something that
change in the jungle as we are not here
warwick we do not have an incredible livelihood
we do not have to try a boat and here
when we have about 400 lives
fight the challenge in this case I'm going to
do
see that I'm going to hit 9 back and
do not hit me and that's it, that's a guy like
the blue as I told them of the 5 and
Now the only thing that needs to be done is in
what enamel is loaded here are already
is going to load because nobody helps me
but when your friends help you they go to
take a while to download the smile because
they do it too fast we come to
that the little wolves here does not matter how
warwick of forgiveness with that of the
parrots here you have to give him then
then the big mayoral here does not matter
that if they kill the little ones first
they are less well although it also depends
a lot if you know a lot about the people in your
song for example with rex there's that
every five seconds you can go back to
lift the same
and when you get on the floor when you do not but
anyway after this is on the route
of network we come here again for the
for cocks take off the kids
we focus on the little ones needed to
another where are these five artists and
then we can give it to this without any
problem you know you can pay it later
then export it to the end however
after this, we recharged ourselves like this
of simple and easy we finish the route
we also buy what we need in
this case of this against ex ai and ready
that's going to be all for the challenge
and tell me if you want more tips I can
teach them more tips of simple things
quick things I like so much Lolas
I want to start uploading it to my channel
and I hope with this jungle guide
has served to start doing
jungle I am talents but I have them
liked the video and see you in the
next video